This is a fairy tale of love Thank you
This is the story of love when a man needs a girl in a bar who sees the girl
All he wants to say is a big big hi?
She looked pretty the dress that night she was wearing
She was not looking into it, so he showed her the best dance
freedom
One drink is what you want
Fair enough
The guy in I'm sorry I've got a little toilet don't go say please don't go
The game returns
Hey when I get back to my mice copy the guy says oh
The man got the girl and now they have been together for 45 years
Does this table Mary's Tale thank you for watching oh?
This is my dear friend
Pesaro is a Brazilian word
This means bird bird bird bird
They call me the third
The third mutant
Look at her Miss French Miss see
Vixen From Diddly
Actually it's the MP from Dibley you pray for what all four dogs want
Funny from hell is that this Kyle
It's ugly enough that you don't
That was a matter of time
You don't tell him he's ugly, do you?
Apology I tell you sorry I am sorry you are not ugly
I apologize, Kyle. I am sorry that I love you in this Frenchman
Talk to her properly, engage her in the conversation
How old are you, no, no no
You never ask an old lady
In what year did you not think that I am
I love you i know you love us stop saying it
I love you
All right, this is enough, enough to sing for her. There is no song that we do not perform a song that hits music
I will always be sure
Yes always
All right, the moment I am here, all right, does not mean here, I mean, only yes
What is your name, my name is Graham?
Well well do you want me full name i will get people and their full name is Mark or Graham Blackledge but everyone is calling me graeme
Actually I didn't even know I called Michael so it is about 11 because no
Then it took me a year to find out. How to spell it is embarrassing when I am
You are very very likable
Well Michael what will you do what will I do
I'm going to play the device and then I'm gonna play and sing while playing the device so the play member is what you want?
Be free
The device plays yes yes I play the device yes
Fish will play the device now please yes good luck
Do you say just go or do
Anyway all do not
Sorry that was terrifying oh?
Because you were smiling at us in this strange way all the way through I could cut a smile
Can I hear singing and play the instrument together, but without the weirdness he smiles
We're smiling so I just kept going where I left off
Sangram
Singing stop coming out
More listening to you talking about who I am listening to you playing if you are frank but when you started doing bad things
But I enjoyed a lot in some strange ways
It was ugly
It's like eating
Vanilla ice cream with sausage
They participated together
Vanilla and sausage
Have you ever thought about doing comedy comedy or were you thinking about doing stand-up comedy yes you talk
Well, I'm going to put this up with Alicia's note
There is something about you I definitely love I'm going to say
Yes really
Williams, you are a very funny guy
The King minus me the tape
David yes or no
You know what I'd love to see you again. It's a year
Do I have to get three?
True well we can get the name of the actress
Just James Wade okay right what is the deed
I am a speaker from the same day
Well, do you think you can win the course, you have come so well, we're going to give it a good chance
All right, best of luck
All right then guys
I am a bit nervous about introducing creativity because it speaks a little too much. It gets me a little bit of a problem
But I want you to be nice to him because he's only 12 years old and he's under my bed in a box
In the last three months the first dust has gathered
Read oh
A wave took me to James who told you these people this morning we're testing
Oh I see there Alisha Dixon we are on the street he comes dancing
I
Simon Cowell Butch told you this morning but that is the case
So straightforward, stop messing around. Come on, we need to be with the rats we're going to get
Okay from this in the end
David wolames you know david wolames he swam to convert two of china all spots david williams
Williams is not like the greatest comic genius of our time
No
Do you know anything that comes fly with me
Well that is coffee without cost without sugar we got the sweetener we got the courage to make a hot hot fire
But the Lord decided today that it will be the day when we have no water so we have. There is no choice but. To close the shop
So you know that there appears there is no
From there that there is Baywatch Baby
Breast You say we are in the same room
It's cheaper than The Dozen - Why didn't you say who's the funny one in the end
This is Simon Cowell Everyone knows Simon Cowell He is like the King of England who wears his pants up here
If what his talent James was what his talent Oh is it cleaning up
Is he cleaning
What to wash
Do you wash or
Does he brush off
No, it does not clean until you tell me
The boy does nothing
I don't want to go back to get back any bombs but don't let
Go in the box this is a rod call me bubbles everyone died
It was not supposed to happen
It wasn't supposed to be as good as David was and was annoying really perfect
Yes it was annoyingly good I didn't expect it at all in your iMpression very well
David say yes
100% yes
Yes you go to Yeses
And for my second song I like that
I
This girl met
It's just great this girl I just adore
The problem is
She has much more than I would agree
It got this style
She got that smile She got to walk
It's got tuck it's got zing on There is only one thing
She got a penis
It got that torch that was watch away
That Girlish Great Speed ​​She Got Very Bad Pizzazz She Has A Penis
There is always some failure, always some defect, do they not call it?
Murphy's Law But Male Genitals This is where I draw the line
Besides Hers is bigger than mine
Cuz under this dress it's got P and yes
Thank you so much
So I wrote the song is Yes I was true. It happens to you
Is this a true story and turning it into a song really well actually something like this happened to a friend of mine?
Oh, I know those friend of mine matters but this is actually true
You have no idea what I just did in my kids house?
Does everyone sit in the audience and they all sing this song later?
Very cute ringtones I tell them to catch it I love to write Catchy Tunes that they don't write that way anymore
Crow I tell you something you know because I am really thinking that you are a whiff of fresh air
This is one of those works that are a waste of time I was going to make him pose this and then all of the sudden you
Dance with that bright lyric and you know what
Good for you learn
84-year-old man believes 84-year-old men have lost their sense of humor in spades
In an earlier age divorced Milby Ray you are a naughty funny dirty
Thank you dear and love her baby laugh
Thank you we need more laughter how are you on your feet i love it i will tell you something i was funny and wittty and
I just can't see enough of I love you mr. Jesse
Yes yes ram how many of you yes yes
Good evening he does
why you?
You brought a brought right. Sorry, I couldn't find a babysitter
Now that I did
Sorry be right with you
Mira this is not a mirror so are we
Learn to listen until you go to sleep now
Time for the story
Well well all right I really regret if I told you a quick story
You promise that you go to sleep directly away from this story
Little Red Riding Hood heard
She was walking through the forest on her way to her grandmother's house when suddenly a big bad wolf suddenly jumped
Yeah one nasty with the biggest with it yeah i don't like it no but part of the story oh?
But it should be like okay
Okay
Well I'm going to change it What do you need to change to duck
The thing is with the story it won't work as a story if the duck duck was okay
Well it wasn't a big bad wolf, yes it was a big bad wolf
Duck
Little Red Riding Hood was really scared
Well because it is
You will not be afraid of a fluffy yellow duck if you know that you did it again in my story not working
You keep doing this to my story. Your persistence makes me put ducks in them
They don't work out your stories when they were a duck in them. What about Goldilocks yesterday and the Three Ducks
Snow White and the Seven Bowl
Why do you keep saying the duck
Yes
This is fun for the whole family in a big family show, and you're a great family business
How many puppies do I have I have a couple I have more than I have seen so far?
Okay
She wants to see your doll
Well I just think your stuff is really really smart and you make us think they're real
They are really two people on the stage
Very well you know you are a cartoon Come to life I felt like I was watching a great song?
Cartoon you and this child and this dialogue is very cool
You're going to become a major competitor meaning I don't think anyone sitting in this room right now doesn't believe
It was so wonderfully arranged that the joke jokes were great. It made a mature man feel like a child and I just felt just myself
Laughter and I was feeling happy and wanted that feeling
And I want everyone to feel that feeling of joy until I love comedy and love you
Courtesy of Marlon on his choice because I feel as though we have a great man in you This is such talent What is your gift?
Go straight through Radio City Music Hall
Thank you so much
Beware, you will lose my votes. I've got a pro car
After the hot, we got the wild card, what would make you talk, make you beautiful
Listen hmm I'm bouncing what's this right over there
Chickadee trying to little chicken Yeah sticking dough no one knew singing to get away from the inconvenience to go
It's a little weird you know now the hypnotist puts people to sleep
So, I got it wrong this week, yeah, I didn't think I'd see you again, do you know what you didn't claim?
Am I this wonderful week and have you been contacted?
HD
Computers because we're on TV and I was in HD cuz nervous on the hottest thing to do
Trust me
Simon, you never thought I'd send you home
I have finished my actions so far you see you are allergic to ladies all over the world yes i am
Just tell me can you let me enter your little family where I speak different languages
Really can speak Spanish and can know how I will do then
I'm going to depend on ten in English then translate well let's see what you have
One uno two dos
Three hangs on what this won't work
No, no, you will return to. Ten yes. How do I know when I reach six
Will this hurt?
Shut up, that's not me
It just looks like him
Previously
Hi Sunita
Listen to me, yes, you two are always hiding together as we go along well
We go together
Together the dog
It is a great practice
Whenever you are ready
Hey, can you say good evening speak English
It's my knife come on hey he says something you know
Why isn’t it nice to come right now
No, do not listen in English see
Spanish we have seen say just fine
Oh Wendy listen to me think I am stupid yes
Well you do not want to speak anymore no okay, now oh yes I want you
I know you know how to sing. I know what it is. Yes, yes, yes
Well we will listen to you
It is about your success and understanding
Musicals We will sing something that suits you, well do not look at me, look at the audience with the exact feelings
Nothing Marcy
Try to have sex
All together, fine, no, please come, you say it is a good thing, good talent, fine cars, get that
Feeling
amazing
What's her name
Wendy
Try and try and listen when you are low Yes I am passionate
Did he wait a long time for this moment?
For nine years
Said heard he said that he wanted a dog that could laugh or sing and that your dog did all these things
Wow, I don't know how to do that. How did you teach her to do that, but it was unbelievable, oh?
Thank you very much, how do you know the words
She is very smart
He is an incredible actor and nobody will ever forget
Fabulous
Really something special
Right David Well this is yeah so easy
Yes, for my sake
You have four big fats. Yes
Sorry a little nervous
I'm Phil W. Green and I'm 21 and I'm going to do comedy impressions
Fella do Do This Full Time
No, I don't know what to do at the Body Shop right now as a customer
Counselor but your dream is to be a big yes I would like to be on stage
Did anyone bring with you?
Sir my friend Christie said she was working her body felt like she was left around recently why because she found the best job
Now she works in Barrett
I hope it's good after all this great willow Philip You've Got almost 2 minutes to do it well
Hi, I'm Danny Pasteur today
Today, we will help at work until everyone gets your hands out in front of you
Spread the YouR legs and do some squat
Diana Baby Martin Fowler So Far Alice Is True Dog Part Wimpy Power Winch
Unnamed: It's so nice to be here, man, we're sure and today's guest at all
Wow, you know what I'm going to meet her hello oh thanks for having me
Charlotte recently oh my god means oh?
Judy Have you seen bacteria here, horrible?
It's me
The point is thinking to your actors that you just laugh before you do anything. Thank you
Davis You'Re like a butch version of me
You are a very funny person
I would like to see some more of you at work as well because you are hysterically funny and you are
Are you sure you are not contacting stacey solomon I wish I had been thanking you for seeing it from afar and I was
very funny
It was like the world record for a number
Impersonating you can do in two minutes, finding it difficult to keep up with some of them
But you are a normal funny guy thanks
Little Bunker
But I like it
I'm going to take a boat. Maybe Jason. I'm going to say yes
Yes, for my sake
And we actually had some good impressionists on the show this year?
So I got some competition but I will say
Oh
Thank you very much. Many of you here tonight are ready to enter the land of belief
It looks like how it is already in the real world
Making you the perfect person to join me here on stage Do you mind Let's listen to everyone's Heidi Mandel
Yes thank you in your howie time I understand you are allergic
The Longer is long You take the Shorter my acti quayle's and aa Seat There are howie nightight live from Radio City?
You will become human
ventriloquist
Stupid
Well now all you have to do
All you have to do is keep looking over there all right let me do all the talking okay and i have to say this?
Very good fit
By the way this is Charlie are you okay charlie yes thank you
First of all we got to find you a sound, I mean, it matches your physical appearance, something. Pucci, something. You're right.
Well, my shots shocked me, I was not joking except I'm going to change the sound No, I don't like it
Well, I want to say no to the fans you want
To say hello that much, just go to the people on the right, and give it a "big wave"
Hello
Well done now people on the left say hello to them
And now people write about me, my big hello
Did you see them waving back
Idiots
Now stop touching me
What turn away what start touching me What do you mean I do not touch stay away okay fine okay so much okay
perfect
Hey, how are you doing this?
I got a little grip on my hand here wow this is amazing
It's got a hidden controller controller for me yeah that's right oh?
Now we can have some fun and get one of their judge I don't want to be the act you want
To be an actress go and judge me
You want me to judge you Yes I go and sit in my seat I can not sit in your seat No I do not insist
Well if you are Egypt
Hello, fellow judges
It's great to be here so well that I can't believe I'm a judge in America who got talent even what your name is
Well my name or my name or excuse me I get nervous Do not worry take your time
My name is Harry hello good evening how and what will you do for us tonight I want to do my dance
I see you shouldn't know now I really want it
Well, do you have some moves you would like to show us?
Well first of all I want to stretch I will do some stretch I will just extend my arms like this
My feet are like Moos
Well so far i took this good so what i was gonna do i'll show you my twerking
So I am
Turn around Turn around
I
Put my hand on the seat and I wiggle like this
Do this oh yes hang on let me focus around again yeah okay so it was fantastic
Don't laugh at me even though I can't talk to you with love
So what will you do for your performance tonight tonight I will do some Irish dance
really
I am naked
I really don't think this is a driver well when you're ready stage is yours
Wonderful everyone standing on their feet here on city radio